[FIX] Some typos and adding include modules. (#2354)
seqan/seqan: manual/source/Tutorial/HowTo/UseCases/SimpleGenomeAlignment.rst

> In the first iteration the parameters are set more restrictive (high seed size, smaller distance and gap size.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In the first iteration the parameters are set more restrictive (large seed size, smaller distance and gap size.)
```

> For every gap that is bigger than the given threshold, the parameters are set more permissive (smaller seed size and higher distance and gap sizes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For every gap that is bigger than the given threshold, the parameters are set more permissive (smaller seed size and larger distance and gap sizes).
```

> Finally, if the global map has been constructed, the algorithm performs a limited alignment around the anchors and connects the anchors with a standard alignment algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, after the global map has been constructed, the algorithm performs a limited alignment around the anchors and connects the anchors with a standard alignment algorithm.
```

.. includefrags:: demos/tutorial/simple_genome_alignment/lagan.cpp
    :fragment: lagan_option

> Then we read in the arguments using SeqAn's :dox:`ArgumentParser`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, we parse given command line arguments using SeqAn's :dox:`ArgumentParser`.
```

> First we include the source code for the argument parser by adding the following include directory:

Reviewer: Firstly, we import the...
At first we import the...

> Now we have setup our initial tool and we can start implementing the algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this, we have set up our initial tool. Let's start implementing the algorithm.
```

In the original algorithm, the steps from above would be repeated for the gaps between the anchors selected by the global chaining algorithm.

> In this tutorial we will skip the iterative step and directly compute the final alignment along the global map produced by the chaining algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In this tutorial we skip the iterative step and directly compute the final alignment along the global map produced by the chaining algorithm.
```
